Adress feedback from Andrii (#90)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices: draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices.md

the basic context of the executed tasks, such as source code management data
such as git branch, initiation context and more.

A specific use case in this pattern is using the identity to perform code
signing operations or gain access to the signing material and use it to attach

> integrity proof to the build output. Particularly in this use case it is important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrity proof to the build output. For this scenario, it is important
```

> to consider that the stength of the integrity is limited to the strength of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to consider that the strength of the integrity is limited to the strength of
```

> the credential used and the security considerations listed in this document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CI-CD pipelines sometimes use credentials to perform code signing
operations integrity proof of the build output. As explained in the {{security}}, strength of the integrity is limited to the strength of
the credential used.
```

> the credential used and security considerations listed in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the credential used and the security considerations listed in this document.
```

## Workload lifecycle and invalidation

Platform issuers SHOULD invalidate credentials when an instance of the workload
stops, pauses, or ceases to exist and SHOULD offer validators a mechanism to
query this status. Because a workload may run as multiple instances (for
example, replicas or parallel tasks), this applies to each instance
individually. Without this capability, credentials for terminated instances
remain usable until their natural expiry, creating a window for unauthorized
use. Without a status query mechanism, relying parties have no way to detect
that an instance has been removed and must accept the credential as is. How these credentials are
invalidated and the status is queried varies and is not in scope of this
document.

## Proof of possession {#proof-of-possession}

Identity credentials SHOULD be bound to the workload instance they represent,
and proof of possession SHOULD be performed when these credentials are used.

> This mitigates token theft.

Reviewer: Technically, that doesn't mitigate only "token theft".

https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/wimse/EMXlCj8URAKHbkXg4LrHdZzV46M/#:~:text=An%20attacker%20who%20compromises%20one%0Ainstance%20of%20N%20inherits%20the%20workload%2Dscoped%20credential%2C%20and%20nothing%20in%20a%0Aworkload%2Dscoped%20possession%20proof%20distinguishes%20the%20compromised%20instance%0Afrom%20its%20siblings.

This is a link to original email thread and KARTHIK's response.

Reviewer: It's a pretty minor (technical) detail, though.

Author: @adeinega what do you think of
> This reduces the impact of token theft to the scope of the proof of possession.

?
